what's with the jeans by the way that
reminds me
hold on let me find what she has to say
there's a reason we're doing that from
Lacroix quiet
yeah it's Lacroix Lacroix it's not like
what it's looking fried no it's not crap
I took French
I took French it's Lacroix I took French
I spent time in phali
I have a lot of Canadian friends it's
the national language
it's lacrosse the clock no the oh I exes
oi know why it's not Lacroix no quiet
you're retarded it's just require it's
not only quiet Lacroix Susanna quietly
mom
see that's why no this is Lacroix
so that salami oh all right look what
it's Lacroix look why look right like
wow look great not quite okay